[u]HIC SVNT DRACONES, no actually mld[/u]

 

Three phases of exploration have been carried out within the footprint of Building #423.22 until today. Two discrete areas were investigated, revealing a sequence of severely flooded features and damage spanning the entire building. Although no otherworldly features could be confidently identified on-site, a series of data recovered from previous surveys indicated that the site was close to an area of unknown high pathogen habitation. This referred to Basement #2, a sealed underground biome to which we have not yet been granted access.

 

Today’s log is an in-depth analysis of previously collected data on the already explored Area 1 and Area 2, and an attempt to form a hypothesis as to what lies quarantined within the walls confining Basement #2. Species such as [i]Stachybotrys chartarum[/i], [i]Legionella[/i], [i]Pseudomonas Aeruginosa[/i], and [i]Escherichia Coli[/i] have been speculated to have merged with an alien variant of a pathogen. A group of scientists and researchers has joined the journey to produce a detailed report.

 

LOG NUMBER 0.343: 4 August 2024. Work started today in Building #423.33, Area 1. Overall, we have been pleasantly surprised by the condition of the environment after this year’s moisture exposure. Severe corrosion has overwhelmed the walls. A spongy texture had accumulated throughout in an almost rusty-yellow color. It wasn’t slime mold, but it wasn’t [i]Alternaria alternata [/i]either. Something lingered differently within the spores, but our Species Identification System failed. The bubbly creature was far too severe to be confined to a single spot; this was also evident by a carefully constructed bucket-like device regulating the spread of mold.

 

LOG NUMBER 0.344: 5 August 2024. Most of the morning was spent studying the foreign bucket system. None of us had ever seen a device like this before. Typically, sites of this nature employ a portable bucket for mold spore collection. Here, however, a pipe was connected to the basin, indicating the possible presence of a more extensive network of pipes. We observed the dark grey plastic pool floating above us, trying to trace its connection to the mold growth. Uncertainty remained regarding whether contamination originated from separation filters within the system or from the bucket itself. Much of the day involved explaining techniques and procedures to new team members and waiting for the electronic machinery to complete its processes.

 

LOG NUMBER 0.345: August 6, 2024. All the measurements failed. We still couldn’t detect the alien species.

[i]We opened our eyes once entering the cellar, but found ourselves unable to distinguish between the walls and the floor – were there any? Darkness overwhelmed the space in all directions, but the smell present in the room gave shape to our surroundings, outlining its dimensions. We weren’t quite sure whether the red-eyed, flat-faced creature in front of us was a real alien or just a mural, two glowing dots piercing through us almost bodily. The creature was consuming fumes – or was she causing them? – faint misty shapes pulling us towards her gradually.[/i]

 

[i]Not far ahead, an echo resonated deep in the space. A torchlight let out objects stacked heavily upon each other, pressing firmly into the ground. A wooden, cage-like structure had started to give way. Had it been the flooding season, it would have sunk deep into the soil, trapping anything in its path. A silver cloud solidifying in a material similar to metal would not have escaped it, its fumes evaporating for one final time.[/i]

 

[i]We wondered where they condensed. Given the organic rot that seemed to emanate from the area, it was unlikely that the fumes were merely lurking nearby.[/i]

 

LOG NUMBER 0.346: 30 October 2024. We descended to Basement #1 for the first time today. In contrast to the anticipated corrosion observed in the upper environment, conditions here differ significantly. Our initial hypothesis suggested that similar decay patterns would be present, particularly given the proximity of a nearby river carrying sediments and fluctuating seasonally. We observed the absence of slimy vegetation present above. Flooding had been effectively mitigated by the use of plastic sheeting, in favor of newly detected spatial structures of strange forms. However, spore presence remains detectable in this area.

 

LOG NUMBER 0.348: 31 October 2024. The source of moisture sustaining growth in this environment throughout recent droughts has been a matter of doubt. We observed a significant increase in spore activity originating from organisms inhabiting above-ground areas. To investigate, we conducted field experiments measuring apparent moisture loss, questioning whether these creatures were to some degree airborne, extracting the requisite moisture from the atmosphere itself, or if, the plastic drapes covering the walls prevent the usual evaporation of the humidity. Rudimentary experiments suggested that the alien pathogens were acquiring moisture directly from the soil, even though it appeared to be dry.

 

LOG NUMBER 0.349: 2 November 2024. In the course of our investigation, we discovered voice logs that were recorded with an unknown, outdated device and subsequently buried in Basement #1. It is my responsibility to transcribe the following text and, at the same time, attempt to discern any changes in tone on the part of the person who spoke it.

The writing is as follows: 

 

“[i]The space seemed as if imagined. A hall of an almost immeasurable size broke into columns stretching endlessly in all directions. Above us, a set of five large arches spread from one side of the room to the other, their reflections shimmering in the vast puddle on the floor. This created a circular architectural shape, its image falling heavily onto us. Immersed, we halted for a second, doubting whether we could take another step. We could already feel our feet gluing to the ground, an unnatural swamp suddenly surrounding us. It all crept and swirled and creaked… forgotten.”[/i]

 

The remainder of the recording was lost due to damage caused by humidity.