[b]Preliminary analysis of the antagonisms in the rela- tionship between the inhabitant and the host[/b]

The uncertainty of successful activation of the IGA/ HGM system hinders the spreading of the colony-most commonly with insufficient enzyme production that would otherwise help the spores to perforate the lung tissue and extract necessary nutrients. The absence of the enzyme, caused by the host’s stable immune system and its general tenacity, disables the possibility of the mould’s vertical mo- bility. The colonising population and the newly acquired re- spiratory vessel are in an antagonistic state. Carriers begin to exhibit signs of impairment fairly quickly following the mould infestation period but tend to ignore symptoms. In part, this occurs because they contribute the signs to other causes but more commonly they take no action because they are fully occupied with attempting to infiltrate or stay in the vicinity of a stable environment. While such movement of the carrier initially benefits Alternaria and its spread, its ef- fects on the body eventually drive the carrier out of its reach and ultimately over-disperse its spores. The mould’s pros- perity drives the host to estrange themselves and exit Alter- naria’s established territory inturn weakening and eventually eliminating it. While one can observe clear signs of mould development within the human body in symptoms such as runny nose and congestion, eye irritation, sneezing, cough- ing, sore throat, skin rash, headache, and lung irritation these symptoms cannot serve as convincing proof of satisfactory amounts of the Mould. Therefore, these carriers can’t act as optimal growth areas. Their unpredictability endangers the rare title the colony acquired by UNESCO. Furthermore, causing lingering negative effects on the protected site since most newly institutionalised human infrastructure does not allow for conditions of mitigation, let alone successful her- itage management. Hence, airway colonisation remains on the sidelines of systemic promotion of growth due to a weak network and unsupportive infrastructure of the hu- man body.